feat: `renderSection` option to retained data (#7126)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.4.0.rst

Version 4.4.0
#############

Release Date: Unreleased

**4.4.0 release of CodeIgniter4**

.. contents::
    :local:
    :depth: 3

Highlights
**********

- TBD

BREAKING
********

Behavior Changes
================

Interface Changes
=================

Method Signature Changes
========================

Enhancements
************

Commands
========

Testing
=======

Database
========

Query Builder
-------------

Forge
-----

Others
------

Model
=====

Libraries
=========

Helpers and Functions
=====================

Others
======

> - **View:** Added optional 2nd parameter ``$saveData`` on ``renderSection()`` to prevent from auto cleans the data after displaying. See :ref:`View Layouts <creating-a-layout>` for details.

Reviewer: The label `creating-a-layout` is not defined.
You need to define the label.
See https://github.com/codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4/blob/develop/contributing/documentation.rst#to-a-section

```
/github/workspace/user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.4.0.rst:61: WARNING: undefined label: creating-a-layout
```

> - **View:** Added optional 2nd argument on ``renderSection('page_title', true)`` to prevent from auto cleans the data after displaying. See :ref:`View Layouts <creating-a-layout>` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **View:** Added optional 2nd parameter ``$saveData`` on ``renderSection()`` to prevent from auto cleans the data after displaying. See :ref:`View Layouts <creating-a-layout>` for details.
```

> - **View:** Added optional 2nd argument on ``renderSection('page_title', true)`` to prevent from auto cleans the data after displaying. See ([#7126](https://github.com/codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4/pull/7126)) for details.

Reviewer: We do not link to GitHub. Please change it to the link to the View Layout page.
